[Music]
in the Cenozoic era six interplanetary
warriors the Power Rangers are tasked
with protecting life on Earth and the
Zeo crystal the Green Ranger Rita
Repulsa betrayed them and plans to
dominate the universe the Red Ranger
Lordan survives Rita's attack and hides
five of the Rangers power source the
power coins
he orders alpha 5 to perform a meteor
strike that kills him the dinosaurs and
sends Rita to the bottom of the sea
coiling her scheme in 21st century angel
Grove High School football star Jason
Scott is dismissed from the team and
placed under house arrest after a failed
prank in detention he encounters Billy
Cranston and Kimberly Hart after
defending Billy from a bully
Billy offers to deactivate Jason's ankle
monitor for help at an old gold mine
that evening once there Jason leaves to
explore and runs into Kimberly Billy
detonates explosives to break some rock
attracting the attention of Jason
Kimberly and nearby students Trini and
Zak the five discovered the power coins
and each take one while escaping mine
security their car is hit by a train the
five find themselves at home the next
morning and discover they have been
granted superhuman abilities elsewhere
Rita's body is found
waking she goes on a rampage hunting
pieces of gold to raise her minion
Goldar to find the Zeo crystal the five
teenagers returned to the mind and
discover an ancient spaceship where they
meet alpha 5 and zordons consciousness
they inform the teenagers about the
Rangers history and Rita warning that
they have eleven days until Rita has her
full power finds the Zeo crystal and
uses it to destroy life on Earth the
five leave the ship with no intention of
returning until Zordon pleads with Jason
to convince the team the five returned
to train the next day but they cannot
morph they spend the next week training
against simulated putties and training
unsuccessfully to morph to inspire the
Rangers alpha reveals the Zords Zak
takes his Zord out for a joyride and
almost kills the other Rangers when he
crashes it
this angers Jason and they fight while
trying to separate the two Billie
spontaneously morphs however when he
becomes conscious of it the armor
disappears angered at their lack of
progress Zordon dismisses the group
jason returns to the ship to confront
Zordon and discovers that once the
rangers morph it will open the morphing
grid and allows Orton to restore himself
in a physical body feeling betrayed
jason accused his sword on of using the
team for his own benefit the team camp
at the mine and bond with each other
later that night Reda attacks Trini and
orders her to bring the rangers to the
docks
Trini informs them about Rita and they
arrived a fight but are quickly defeated
Rita forces Billie to reveal the
location of the Zia crystal which he'd
figured out killed him and releases the
others the rangers take Billy's body to
the ship and ask Lauren to resurrect him
the Rangers agree they would give their
lives for each other and resolve to
defeat Rita
in doing so they unlocked the morphing
grid Zordon revives Billy sacrificing
being able to restore his physical self
with the team restored and competent the
Rangers morph into their armor
Rita creates Goldar raises an army of
putties and attacks angel Grove to find
the Zeo crystal the Rangers battle the
patties and head to Angel Grove in their
Zords after the Rangers destroy the
putties Goldar pushes the Rangers and
their Zords into a fiery pit in the pit
the Zords combine forming the Megazord
Rita merges with gold are the Rangers
battle and destroy gold are after
refusing Jason's offered to surrender a
defiant Rita tells the Rangers that more
will come for the crystal and leaves
that the Megazord only to be slapped
into space the Rangers are praised as
local heroes and with Rita's threats
foiled they return to their normal lives
in a mid credit scene in detention the
teacher announces that Tommy Oliver will
be joining them but the desk is empty
save for a green jacket
you